# YARR - a pirate-themed mobile escape game for Escape Museum

## Description

YARR is a mobile escape game that takes place in a museum. The player is a pirate who must solve quests to find a
treasure hidden in the museum. The game is divided into several levels, each of which is a puzzle to solve. The player
must solve each puzzle to progress to the next level and ultimately find the treasure.

## Features

- **Offline user identification**: The player must identify themselves at the beginning of the game to personalize the
  interface.
- **Language change**: The player can change the language of the application to adapt it to their preferences.
- **Solve puzzles**: The player must solve puzzles to progress through the game.
- **QR code navigation**: The player can navigate between puzzles by scanning QR codes.
- **Game completion**: The player must complete all puzzles to find the treasure and complete the game.

## Technologies

- **React Native**: The game is developed using React Native, a popular framework for building mobile applications.
- **Pirate theme**: The game uses a pirate theme to create an immersive experience for the player.
- **QR codes**: QR codes are used to navigate between puzzles.
- **react-i18next**: The game uses the react-i18next library to manage translations.
- **App routing**: The game uses React Navigation for app routing, leading the developers to create a smooth user
  experience via folder-based navigation.
- **Context-based state**: The game uses React Context for state management, which makes it easier to manage the state
  of the application.

## Installation

To install the game, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   `git clone https://gitlab.com/DTM-Henallux/MASI/etudiants/bernard-christophe/dev-mobile/pirate-app.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Run the application: `npm start`
4. Scan the QR code generated by the Expo Go app to run the game on your device.
5. Enjoy the game!

## App milestones

- [x] **Milestone 1**: Home screen and language selection
	- [x] Home screen
	- [x] Language selection
	- [x] Navigation to the next screen
- [x] **Milestone 2**: User identification
	- [x] User identification screen
	- [x] Allowing the user to enter their name
	- [x] Checking if the user has entered a name (length > 0)
	- [x] Saving the user's name
	- [x] Navigation to the next screen
- [x] **Milestone 3**: Qr code navigation
	- [x] QR code scanning screen
	- [x] Scanning the QR code
	- [x] Checking QR code validity
	- [x] Navigation to the next screen
- [ ] **Milestone 4**: Puzzle 1
	- [ ] Puzzle 1 introduction screen
	- [ ] Puzzle 1 gameplay
	- [ ] Puzzle 1 completion and navigation to the next screen
- [ ] **Milestone 5**: Puzzle 2
	- [ ] Puzzle 2 introduction screen
	- [ ] Puzzle 2 gameplay
	- [ ] Puzzle 2 completion and navigation to the next screen
- [ ] **Milestone 6**: Puzzle 3
	- [ ] Puzzle 3 introduction screen
	- [ ] Puzzle 3 gameplay
	- [ ] Puzzle 3 completion and navigation to the next screen
- [ ] **Milestone 7**: Game completion
	- [ ] Game completion screen
	- [ ] Cleaning up the app's state
	- [ ] Navigation to the home screen

## Contributors

- **ALBANESE Matteo**: Developer
- **BERNARD Christophe**: Analyst, lead developer and project manager

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
